Commander Chuan, since you are unkind to me
Then don't blame me for graduating
You say that to me?
Really die to me
We'll see.
Mr. Ji, this time because of your matter, the target of the timing situation has dropped sharply.
Who is responsible for this loss?
Mr. Ji and you forcing your fiancee Qin Xiaoxuan to abort the child
The Qin family has found a lawyer
I plan to ask the cornerstone for a high compensation.
Calm down, everyone.
Everyone has been here for a few days
I'm not going to do this.
Mr. Ji wants me to say that you really went too far this time
To save his image
Let's hold a press conference to publicly apologize to the second mother wheel of the Qi family first
Apologize, this is clearly Qin Xiaojuan's most dirty water
Remember that you forced your fiancée Qin Xiaoxuan to abort the child
Isn't it true?
The smoke has been released
I don't have to
Nonsense, say it yourself first
Mr. Ji, we are both a group
In order to save the face of the group, he spent a high price to buy this recording back
Don't worry.
I will give you one to do this.
Hello
Prepare for all Qin Xiaoshan's responsibilities
No, pay him and all the goods supplied to you clearly.
There are also cooperation projects between Qin Group and Story Group, as well as Get Close to Me